[We open on the inside of community centre: wood panelling, fluorescent lighting, and uncomfortable chairs lined up in neat rows. We're in Texas. THE PREACHER is already midway through his sermon, standing tall in front of a confederate flag.] 

THE PREACHER
It's only the Western world, and only recently, that those who have built something great, have been asked to hand it over to those who have leeched off of it. Your fathers, and forefathers, and the men many generations before created this civilization. The gold standard of prosperity, decency, ingenuity and creativity. Thousands of years ago, even before Christ was around to guide us, our way of life was propped up in Greece. A castle sticking out of a bog. Decade upon decade, century upon century, across Europe and then into North America, we build upon this castle. Outsiders saw the lights shining in our castle, and they wanted in. They knew they were not worthy, and they wanted in. They knew they had nothing to add... [ to a drunk in the second row] please sir, just have a seat, I don't mind imbibing, but you may have teetered a little far... they knew they had nothing to add, but they wanted in. And some of ours, looked at their dirty children, and failed to overcome their empathy, which is a weakness. This is how Rome fell. England, the world's great empire for centuries, a shadow of itself. They fell because they let weak-willed people take the reins. And when a weak person sees another weak person, what do they see? An equal. And so began the cycle of decline. It's not inevitable, but it is difficult to fight. And fight we must, and fight we will. 

[RICKI AND ROBYN ENTER THE TENT, AND TAKE A SEAT NEAR THE BACK. RICKI STANDS UP] 

RICKI 
Excuse me sir? 

THE PREACHER 
Yes, miss. 

RICKI 
I've got a message from your wife. 

THE PREACHER 
Well, my wife is right here. In the first row. 

RICKI 
Sorry, your first wife. 

THE PREACHER 
You must be mistaken. Got lucky the first time. 

RICKI 
Back when you lived in Cincinnati. Juanita, your first wife? 

THE PREACHER 
Miss, you must be confused. I have not been to Cincinnati. 

RICKI 
Why are you lying to me? 

THIRD ROW MAN 
Shut up, bitch! 

THE PREACHER 
No need for that, friend. Miss, I certainly have never had relations with anyone who has a name like that, believe. Do you know much about me? 

RICKI 
I know a lot about you. You were a mechanic named Joel Schwartz who skipped town on his Mexican wife and daughter because a couple charges got a little too close for comfort. You laid low for a few years and now here you are, moonlighting as a racist. 

THE PREACHER 
Remove her, this is outrageous. Listen, men, there are some among us who are simply mysoginist. I am not. But, do not, ever, let a woman besmirch your name. 

[Two men come up to her] 

RICKI [to the men] 
You fellas want to know what the charges are. 

MAN 1
Shut up. 

RICKI 
Molestation. 

MAN 2
Miss, let's go. 

RICKI 
He was twelve. 

MAN 1
Bitch, come on now. 

RICKI 
His name was Justin. 

[MAN 2 IS HESITATING] 

RICKI 
Google Joel Schwartz, Cincinnati. 

THE PREACHER 
Why are you hesitating, get her out of here. 

RICKI 
What's the first hit? Sex offender registry? 

THE PREACHER 
Alright, I'll eject you myself. 

RICKI 
Have you seen the photo yet? He's younger, new hair, but you can see the likeness in his eyes. 

[MAN 2 LOOKS OVER AT THE SCREEN] 

MAN 2 
Son of a bitch. 

MAN 1 
Lady, who are you. 

RICKI 
Just trying to purge the movement of impurities.

[THE PREACHER GETS A LOOK AT THE PHOTO] 

THE PREACHER 
What fabrication! These photos have been manipulated! Apprehend these women, they must be moles! 

[MAN 1] 
Alright, let's all just calm down. Grab those two, grab him. We'll figure this out. 

PREACHER'S WIFE 
What the hell are you doing, let go of my husband. 

MAN 1 
Grab her too, I guess. 

[Four or five people huddle over the phone. Then they talk for a bit. Man 2 then pulls out his pistol, turns around, and shoot the Preacher in the head. Chaos erupts. Man 1 stands up.] 

MAN 1 
Everyone calm down! This is under control! Just listen- 

[He is shot. Gun fire begins in earnest. We settle on Ricki and Robin making a break for the exit. They get out of the main doors, and where many are taking a left turn, they take a right].

----- 

So, on a scale of 1 to ten, how Nazi are you guys? 

I'm not a Nazi. 

No? 

Nah, that's too crazy. I'm just tired of seeing my people get the short end I guess. 

How long you been going to these things then? 

Few months? 

You? One to ten.

Like a six. 

A smidge above average then. 

I guess. 

She's a ten. I'm an 11. OG KKK, not this suit-wearing BS.

Are you fucking with us? 

You tell me, sweet boy.

----- 

Let's take them back to our campsite. Just a quick stop. 

Let's just leave them? 

No, they can sleep there. 

Seriously? 

C'mon. He said he's a six, Robin. That's above average! 

Ricki, let's just drop them off. 

Yeah, we can just get out here.

Veto, we aren't debating this. 

Do they even have pubes? 

Listen- 

Not talking to you yet, boys. They got brains enough for me. 

Fuck this.

Veto, you know the rules.

[Robyn is still hesitating]

Stop at the trailhead. Do it. Now. 

Goddamnit, Ricki. 

We'll go halfsies. Just like in Spokane. 

[She pulls over, reluctantly. Ricki turns around, looks at the Nazi on the left, then the one on the right. To the one on the right] 

Come with me. 

[They begin walking down the trail, into the black of the forest. She is walking ahead of him, confidently.]

You wanna hear something funny? 

Sure. 

You know those sex offender photos we brought? 

Yeah, fucked up. 

Photoshop. 

You serious? 

Yeah, we made that shit up. 

Shit that's insane. Why did you fuck him up?

Because fuck Nazis.

Seriously?

[He hesitates. She turns around, steps very close to him.]

Say I'm sorry. 

I'm sorry. For what?

[She leans in and pauses, a moment later he closes his eyes. She leaves hers open. We hear the sound of a gun cocking, as he plants his lips on hers. She barely reacts as she pulls the trigger, just above his temple. With the sound of the gunshot, smash cut to inside the car. Robyn is looking straight forward, the kid behind her is building his courage.] 

So. 

Pump the brakes. Not doing shit to you. 

[Cut back to Ricki. She's approaching the car. As she gets closer to the headlights, she slows down. She sees Robyn, two hands clenching hard on the wheel, looking straight ahead. The other boy is seated behind. Ricki rushes up to the backseat of the car, opens it violently and rips the boy out.]

Shit, I didn't do anything! 

[Robyn gets out of the car.]

Robyn: Ricki, don't do it. 

Ricki: It doesn't matter. 

Boy: What does that mean? 

Ricki: Apologize.

Robyn: Goddamnit Ricki.

I didn't hit on her or nothing. Why are you so mad? Relax you crazy--

[She shoots him in the head.]

Ricki: What in the sweet fuck was that? 

-------------------

[It's still night, Ricki is looking at her phone, relaxed in the passenger's seat.]

Ricki: Check this one: "I think I was four when I first noticed not only that my government didn't give a shit about me, but that it was actively working against me. The decked is stacked, stacked against folks like my dad, who only want to go to work and prove themselves. Instead, his self-worth is sold to lowest bidder, who of course, are dirty Mexicans." 

[She's met with silence, so she keeps scrolling. She finds something and begins to chuckle.] 

Who-eee. Seems like our boy has a passion for putting little Hitler mustaches on people. Look, he even did Steve Biko! 

Robyn: Stop rationalizing. 

Ricki: You love Steve Biko! 

Robyn: Listen, if you just need to kill people, then do that. I'm not going to jail because we wipe out a bunch of dumb kids who feel tough on the internet. 

Ricki: The kid's a fucking racist, same trash as our pastor friend. 

Robyn: We kill the enablers, we kill the exploiters, we kill the leaders. Remember? 

Ricki: We're too smart to go to jail. 

Robyn: We're too smart to fight grunts.

Ricki: [with genuine satisfaction] My guy really thought he was getting laid. I even told him we scammed the pastor before, and he still couldn't stop himself.

Robyn: It bothers me how much you enjoy this. 

Ricki: Why can't I have fun? Even in wartime. 

Robyn: Got twelve more hours of driving, am I getting twelve more hours of bullshit. 

Ricki: I could be mistaken, but I believe there are several Nazis in jail. You could just kill them. You could shiv them! Don't you want to shiv people?

Robyn: Just change the music, shut up, and go to sleep. You fucking moron. 

[Ricki plays 'Boys' by Charlie XCX, and begins to sway in her seat.]

Robyn: Goddamn, I hate this bubblegum shit. 

Ricki: Can't fuck to Beethoven. 

Robyn: First off, of course you can. Second, go fuck yourself.

["Boys" keep playing. They drive off into the dark.]

------------------

--------

[We open on Ricki, she's sleeping. We hear gunshots off in the distance. It's the sound of a rifle, being fired methodically. The report echoes and fills Ricki's room. On the third shot, she wakes up gradually. We cut to her pulling on some shorts. Another cut to her pouring herself some coffee. Another cut to her leaving the trailer, the door opens on a massive canyon in the New Mexico desert. Another cut to her walking up a trail, turning over a small hill and we see Robyn, on her stomach, firing a rifle at some distant targets. We see Robyn's face, she's focused.]

Morning. 

Morning yourself. 

I got something, you little grump. From Teresa. 

Is it some meaningless loser. 

He's a podcast guy. Terry got his address, he lives in Jacksonville. 

When?

Whenever you like. I came up with an idea, and I won't lie, I'm pretty proud of it.

------- 

[We cut to a close shot of a young, overweight man speaking into a headset. He's nervous, and speaks rotely, as if from a script.]

My brothers, my sisters. I've been withholding something from you, but I can't keep lying to you and to myself. You've all known me as Stormtrooper69, but I'm actually quite different from who you know. My name is Daniel Barrett, I live in Jacksonville, and I'm gay. I grew up knowing that if I came out, my parents, my friends and my little sister would see me as some kind of abomination, or abberation. I remember posting on Stromfront, and then starting this podcast. It was a rush, for a brief moment, I could suppress all my confusion and my self-doubt by saying outrageous shit. And you all lapped it up, but it was a lie. 

[The camera zooms out, we see Robyn holding a gun to his head, Ricki draped over a couch near the back, chewing gum. We see he has been reading from a piece of paper, but stop and looks at Ricki, with fear. She mouths "Sell it" to him.]

For the past few months, I've been with a man. His name is Juan. The first time we spoke, my confusion, my self-loathing dissipated a little. I've always been attracted to men, but acting on it always seemed so impossible. And with Juan, it was the opposite. I knew if I had enough courage, I really could be myself, I could really be happy. Of course, by this time, I had this podcast, and thousands of listeners. So I made a deal with myself, I'd do it for 6 months, make as much money of you as possible, and then dissapear. So my six months are up, I've got 80k in the bank, all coming from supremacists like you buying my tshirts, my book so on and so forth. So that's it for me, Juan and I are about to run off into the sunset. 

[He ends the podcast, take off the headset]

Are we done? 

RICKI 
You did OK. I've noticed on this here twitter feed that people have already been posting your address. We should all go quickly. 

DANIEL 
You've ruined my life, they're going to kill me. 

ROBYN 
Yeah. I don't feel bad for cancer, do you?

DANIEL 
Do you think they'll believe me? 

RICKI 
I wouldn't. 

ROBYN 
Neither. Seriously, I would leave as quick as you can, go super underground. You just pissed off thousands of people who talk about burning your kind on crosses. 

DANIEL 
I am not a homosexual. 

RICKI 
I bet you'd be less angry if you could see how beautiful we all are. 

DANIEL 
You are dikes aren't you. Little bitches. 

RICKI 
We just don't get too hung up on that stuff. No need to overthink it all.

DANIEL 
Degenerates. I don't even have a car, I am really fucked here.

RICKI 
Yeah, that was the point.

[Robyn and Ricki get up to leave]

ROBYN [to Ricki]
You were right, that was fun. 

RICKI 
I know!

[We stay on Daniel. He sits motionless, petrified, alone is his room. We hear the engine of Ricki and Robyn's car drive away.]

------------------------

[back in Nevada, out in the desert.]

Let's celebrate, been a busy week. We're gonna lie low for a bit anyways.

I dunno, you are terrible at lying low.

That's true. Wanna hear about a delightful and highly relevant coincidence? I found an old baggie of M in my purse. Must've crossed the border with it twice. 

So what. 

Let's go into town, cut a rug. 

I really don't feel like it. 

But you could feel like it. Very easily. 

[We hear "Forest families" by the Knife. The car is moving through the desert, following the streetlights cutting a straight line through the dark. We cut, we're in the suburbs, the hills are now dotted with a few houselights. We cut again, the city is in the distance, the lights vibrant and shimmering. We cut again, they are in the middle of the dance floor, red, yellow and orange lights matching the city. They are surrounded, but they are the only ones who matter to each other. A young man comes up to them, puts his arms around Ricki. Robyn grabs his face and pushes him away. They burst out laughing, and dance harder. We cut once more to the car driving back home, as the music dwindles out, the only light in the frame are the headlights and tailights.]

